Provide tutorial on how to create certificate application pairing via Compass (#550)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/connector/08-03-revoke-client-certificate.md

---
title: Revoke client certificate
type: Tutorials
---

After you have established a secure connection with Compass and generated a client certificate, you may want to revoke this certificate at some point. To revoke a client certificate, follow the steps in this tutorial.

> **NOTE:** A revoked client certificate remains valid until it expires, but it cannot be renewed.

## Prerequisites

- [OpenSSL toolkit](https://www.openssl.org/docs/man1.0.2/apps/openssl.html) to create a Certificate Signing Request (CSR), keys, and certificates which meet high security standards

> - [Established secure connection with Compass](08-01-establish-secure-connection-with-compass.md)

Reviewer: Maybe this prerequisite should be the last one on the list, as the user must have Compass, Application, and Runtime first.

> - Compass (version >= 1.8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compass (version 1.8 or higher)
```

- Registered Application
- Runtime connected to Compass

> > **NOTE**: To see how to establish a secure connection with Compass and generate a client certificate, see [this](08-01-establish-secure-connection-with-compass.md) document. To see how to maintain a secure connection with Compass and renew a client certificate, go [here](08-02-maintain-secure-connection-with-compass.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: To see how to maintain a secure connection with Compass and renew a client certificate, read [this](08-02-maintain-secure-connection-with-compass.md) document.
```

Reviewer: I wouldn't repeat the link mentioned in prerequisites.
